The first five hundred are not so valuable.
Please let me meet the one I should call a rare one.
Who will let you meet?
I will let you meet the one I bought.
Take a bamboo stick and a rare one.
Wait, wait.
Don't pour it.
I will meet the one I should call a rare one.
I will let you meet.
Take a bamboo stick and a rare one.
I came to see you.
It's okay.
Why not the first time to see?
I have several sisters.
It is a bit hard to find, could you tell me know please?
If you come to see me.
I will introduce to you what to do many times.
And...
It's easy to look at me.
Already there're many people.
W왜дч ke saw my family buy
The next one will be more significant in the length of the song.